Previously on Reacher...
[Reacher] Susan Duffy, meet Angel Doll.
Thanks for the hand, Angel Doll.
-McCabe's the one who kidnapped you?
-Yeah.
You ever hear McCabe or your dad
use the name Xavier Quinn?
Not that I can remember.
Beck confirmed McCabe
is running this whole thing.
[Duffy] That's got to be
Julius McCabe, right?
I know him as Xavier Quinn.
The guy you thought was dead?
The guy I thought I killed.
How's the bodyguard?
[Duffy] We patched him up,
took a few runs at him,
-but he's not saying shit.
-[Beck] Got a call from McCabe.
He sent someone over to Bizarre Bazaar
to get Angel Doll's laptop back,
because it had a tracking app on it
in case it was lost or stolen.
Here's the address.
Anyone inside ain't supposed to be?
We kill them.
[tense music playing]
-[Eliot over phone] Yeah?
-Eliot, is Duffy with you?
-Uh, no.
-[Cooper] Come on, man,
I want to play the Feud.
Come on... hey, asshole!
She and Villanueva left me here
to babysit again
while they check out some lead.
A rug and tubing facility.
Why? Everything okay?
Quinn's men are looking
for Angel Doll's laptop.
They'll be on them any minute,
and no one's answering their phones.
Shit. I-I'll look up the name
of the company and call them.
Get it done.
[suspenseful music playing]
[phone ringing]
-[sighs]
-[toilet flushes]
It's like every 20 minutes with you.
Get that thing checked.
[Villanueva] I did.
They put me on the Flomax
and the what-do-you-call-it?
The saw palmetto.
[Duffy] Well, up your dosage.
I'd rather not talk about this.
I'd rather not be constantly held up
by your mango-sized prostate.
[phone ringing]
Why would someone be
calling here when it's closed?
Maybe leaving a message.
It's a commercial shop.
People don't just pop in here to buy shit.
You do business with this place,
you know the hours.
Our cells don't work in here.
Something's off. I'm answering.
Tubing.
Get out of there now.
Quinn sent people over.
[tense music playing]
[tires screeching]
[muffled gunfire]
[gunfire continues]
We got to move or we're dead.
♪ ♪
[groans]
[muffled groaning]
He's the last one.
It'll look suspicious if there's
another ambush and I'm the only survivor.
Head to the south exit.
When you get close,
yell for Villanueva to follow.
I'll make sure you get out.
They're tracking Angel Doll's laptop.
Where is it?
In the car.
When you drive away,
throw it out the window.
Go.
South exit. Let's get out of here!
[pulsing music playing]
Shit.
[tires screeching]
Get rid of it!
Get in.
Who the fuck are you?
Duke's replacement.
Go!
[tires screeching]
Tires are stuck.
-We're gonna have to push her out.
-Goddamn it.
Our competitors don't hire
women and old guys.
And one of them had a Glock 26 Gen3.
Those are government issued.
I'm telling you, these are federal agents.
Okay.
-Cop-- [sighs]
-[line disconnects]
Jesus.
Boss is pissed like a copperhead.
This ain't good.
[spits, inhales sharply]
This ain't good at all.
[distant train horn blows]
[groans softly]
Salud.
What are we celebrating here?
After today? How about breathing?
We didn't find Teresa.
We should still be looking.
I get it, and we will.
-But I also need you to be...
-To be what?
-Nothing.
-Say it.
I'm not saying shit.
Remember that Menjivar kid?
Four years old,
disappeared from his backyard,
everyone figured some chomo did him in.
Mija, this is a different kind of case.
Bullshit. Missing's missing.
No one in Boston PD thought
that kid was coming home
in anything other than a box.
By Thanksgiving,
the news stopped covering it,
the parents gave up,
had a funeral with an empty coffin
at St. Joachim's,
then what happens?
Connor Lafferty.
Old man fucking Lafferty walks
little Marco Menjivar
right into Salesbury's for an ice cream,
like any other day.
I still remember the order:
rocky road and a Diet Dr Pepper.
This isn't a case of some sweet
old man with Alzheimer's
that took a kid home
thinking it was his grandson.
The guys that grabbed Teresa
are major league.
My point is, odds get beat.
Marco Menjivar was
missing for nine months.
Statistics said his body was
rotting in a landfill or an oil drum,
and he wasn't even hurt!
He was fed, he watched cartoons,
got taken care of.
Now he's 14, hardly remembers it,
kid was all-county wide receiver
-last season.
-Tight end.
All I'm saying is that good shit
can still happen.
So either stay on board and believe
some of the good is coming our way,
believe that odds get beat,
or shut up about it.
Okay.
Let's get back to work.
Fuck.
Hey, Paulie.
We got a little "Neptune Society"
thing going on.
You want to give us a hand?
[snorting]
[spits]
-[gate buzzes]
-Okay, then.
[waves crashing]
Pick him up, tough guy.
There we go.
I threw a living, breathing guy
down here once.
Paulie broke his spine. [chuckles]
Poor bastard couldn't walk.
While we were waiting for the wave,
he was begging me to shoot him
instead of letting him drown.
What'd you do?
I let him drown. [spits]
Bombs away.
Hey, yo! Look at that. Nature's toilet.
Tide comes in strongest this time of day.
Pulls everything in that cove
out like a vacuum. [chuckles]
Undertow's brutal.
Let's go get the other one.
[ominous music playing]
[thunder crashing]
You don't seem to be too broken up
about your pals getting killed.
They ain't my pals. They're cannon fodder.
Warm bodies to do the things
McCabe needs done when he needs them done.
He pulls them in from all over...
dishonorable discharges from the service,
guys tossed from the police academy
for failing the psych eval, ex-cons,
the chronically antisocial and unhirable.
No offense.
What category do you fall into?
I'm like Tony Soprano.
I'm in waste management.
[waves crashing]
[Reacher grunts]
[splashes]
[Harley laughs] That shit never gets old.
What will you do if the tide
doesn't clean up your mess?
These rips could pull
a Clydesdale out to sea.
I know these currents
like the back of my hand.
Speaking of the back of your hand,
I just realized who you are.
Duke told me about you.
You're the one that made Paulie
knock himself out.
Not out. Just down.
[laughs]
Either way, Paulie's gonna fuck you up.
Better be careful.
Why do you give a shit?
I don't.
I just don't want to have
to drag your big ass down here.
It's not like I get paid by the pound.
[phone ringing]
Reacher.
Yeah. You guys okay?
We're good.
Thanks for saving my ass today.
I owe you.
Saving the life of a good person
is a pretty low bar for praise.
Next moves?
Villy's back at the cabin getting his car.
We're gonna split up to cover more ground,
check on some of the addresses
from Angel Doll's laptop.
You wrote 'em down?
Why would I do that?
They were on a laptop.
Good point.
No, we remembered about five of them.
I'm gonna hit a place
that makes storage crates.
Figure they use them to move the rugs.
Villy's gonna run down
some kind of industrial lubricant plant.
I have no idea what that's for,
but from what I could find online,
it looks like a legit operation that Quinn
might buy product from, for some reason.
His guys could be waiting for you
now that Quinn knows
Feds are snooping around.
We've got no choice.
Their location's been compromised,
so they'll have to move Teresa.
If we're lucky,
maybe we catch 'em in the act.
And if we do, I'm taking 'em out.
Sounds like a plan.
-Anything else?
-Yeah.
I have your badge.
Shit. I didn't notice I'd lost it.
Uh, give it back to me
next time I see you.
[Beck] Reacher!
I got to go.
Reacher, where the hell are you?
What the hell were you doing behind there?
Had to take a piss.
I have nine bathrooms inside this house.
Yeah, but I was outside.
I just got a call from McCabe.
Were those guys really Feds?
Not sure.
Harley got a better look than I did.
Well, McCabe sent
two of his men over here.
-They're in the kitchen now.
-It's your house.
-If you don't like it, tell them to leave.
-It doesn't work that way.
McCabe isn't screwing around.
First, the Angel Doll bullshit,
and now these Feds.
He's on edge and pissed.
Two things you don't want that guy to be.
You're my head of security.
Do your fucking job.
[laughing]
Heard things been tough lately.
Don't worry, princess.
Cavalry's here.
Hot as hell, black as pitch.
Thank you.
You like the coffee?
It's okay.
[Agnes] It's from a feline's asshole.
Some posh brand Zachary likes.
They feed coffee beans to cats,
then dig through the litter box
after they pass 'em through.
What for?
Something in their digestive system
improves the taste.
It tastes like coffee.
Might want to leave the cat out of it.
You owe me 20 bucks.
I told you. He don't like pussy.
[laughs]
[Howatt] Speaking of pussy,
I've never been so jealous
of a fork in my life.
[Tank chuckles]
You like cream?
-I know where you can get some more.
-[Tank] Mm-hmm.
Oui, de ta mère.
What did she say?
She said the cream came from your mother.
Probably 'cause she's a big fat cow.
So she's funny now?
[shouts]
You have any thoughts on dessert?
No, man.
I got diabetes.
A cat's asshole?
[mysterious music playing]
♪ ♪
[sighs]
[knocking]
-[owl hooting]
-[toilet flushes]
Hey, brother? [stammers]
Can you take these cuffs off?
They're killing me, man.
Absolutely not.
Oh, come on, man.
They're killing me.
Oh, I mean, my wrists
haven't hurt this bad
since I was 13 and I found
my uncle's Elle MacPherson Playboy.
Jesus Christ.
Hey, look, man,
we've been hanging out for days.
Watching TV,
shooting the shit like regular guys.
But then you got to feed me chow mein
like I'm a baby bird.
It's fucking humiliating.
If you're not gonna let me
eat like a regular guy and
just like take a break off these cuffs,
least you could do
is let me have a Chesterfield.
I told you there are regulations.
Come on, man.
None of me being here follows regulations.
-I hate the smoke.
-Crack a window.
All it's gonna do is
take seven minutes of my life, not yours.
Come on, brah.
Front right jacket pocket.
Come on, do me a solid.
Please.
Only once.
[laughs] All right.
And I never want to hear
about a fucking cigarette ever again.
All right.
One time.
Make it count.
Understood?
[screaming]
[grunting fiercely]
[shouting]
[handcuffs click]
[Cooper muttering]
Thanks for the smoke.
[car door closes]
[Duffy] I hope you got good news.
[Villanueva] Sounds like
it's the same as yours.
Those places were a waste of time.
Where are you now?
Stopped to gas up.
You're gassy enough.
Drop whatever's left
of whatever you're eating.
-I'll order you a salad at the cabin.
-[phone beeps off]
[suspenseful music playing]
♪ ♪
[exhales]
Steven.
Steven! Steven?
[exhales] Oh, my God.
Oh, my God! Steven?
Steven?
[exhales]
[sobs]
[distant] Fuck!
-[water running]
-[phone buzzing nearby]
[water shuts off]
[buzzing continues]
[intense music playing]
No way you'd risk getting me killed
by calling unless it was
something really important.
Eliot's dead and the bodyguard's gone.
You got to get out of the there.
By now he already told Beck
the kidnapping attempt was a fake.
If he had, Paulie would be up here
right now tearing my head off.
Does Cooper have his phone?
No, it was locked in the other room.
Uh, I'm guessing he just ran
out of here soon as he could.
Then he can't call Beck.
Well, he can go to a bar, use their phone.
You said Beck's number was unlisted.
How many numbers do you have memorized?
His only play is coming here in person.
How much time do I have?
I don't know...
Wait!
Wait, uh...
His smartwatch says
that his heart rate spiked
and then stopped...
ten minutes ago.
Where's Villanueva?
He's headed back here.
Okay.
I'm gonna need his help
if I'm gonna intercept
the bodyguard before he gets to the house.
What-what reason
are you gonna give Beck for leaving?
I'm not gonna give it to him.
You are.
[singing along to "La Bamba" on radio]
[phone rings]
-[music stops]
-[phone beeps]
Reacher?
Get to the blind turn that leads
to Beck's house.
Pull over 40 yards south
and empty the car.
Make it as light as possible.
I'll be there as soon as I can.
What the hell's going on?
Bodyguard killed Eliot.
If you don't do exactly as I say,
the kid'll have died for nothing.
[line beeping]
[engine revving]
[panting]
That's a big boy.
[gate buzzes]
The landlines are all out, too.
What the hell is going on?
Someone must've cut the power.
Who?
Maybe the guys
Angel Doll was working with.
We've killed a bunch of their people
in the past 24 hours.
Could be retribution.
Might be coming after your son.
Electric's down all over the property.
The gates open by default
when there's a power outage.
It's open?
Well, who the hell's watching it?
One of the new guys McCabe sent.
Well, get down there with them.
We might be going to war.
Fuck off. You ain't my boss.
[Beck] No, McCabe is.
And you want to see what he'll do to you
if his operation is wiped out
and you're not at your post?
Okay, look,
I'm gonna go to the end of the road
that leads to the property.
It's the only way in or out of here.
If anyone thinks they're coming in,
they're gonna have to go through me first.
What's happening?
Go back to your room and lock the door.
Everything will be fine.
No, Richard, come on down here with me.
I'll keep an eye on you.
He's safer upstairs.
I want him where I can see him.
Richard, do what I say.
[tense music playing]
[door closes, locks]
[suspenseful music playing]
I don't know. It just happened
a few minutes ago.
Well, I-I don't really think
that's necessary, but...
All right.
Got it.
-I'll do it now.
-[phone beeps]
[sighs] McCabe wants
the entire staff searched.
Maid, cook, groundskeeper.
Grab the mechanic, too.
Toss all their rooms.
If there's another rat,
McCabe wants it caught.
Let's go.
[dramatic music playing]
-Get out of bed.
-[speaking French]
-Get out now. Let's go, come on.
-[yells]
-Get off me! What the hell is going on?
-Downstairs.
-Downstairs now. Yeah, you too.
-Get downstairs.
-Get down there.
-For God's sake. [scoffs]
Now. Move your asses.
[intense music playing]
♪ ♪
We don't have much time.
-Pull your car to the middle of the road.
-Why?
We're gonna flip it over.
Of course we are.
Follow me.
We'll use the slope to our advantage.
Get under it and give it all you got.
-I don't think we can do this.
-I'll do 90% of the work.
Just put your weight behind it.
When I say "lift," lift. Ready?
Lift. [grunting]
[both grunting]
Oh!
-Come on. Push!
-I am pushing!
-[straining]
-[Reacher grunts]
I bet if there were doughnuts underneath,
you'd be able to flip it.
Fuck you.
[both straining]
[broken glass crunching]
Okay.
What exactly is your plan?
This is the narrowest part of the road.
No way around.
He'll have to get out
of his car to help you.
Help me?
You'll be in the car.
[leaves rustle]
Goddamn it.
[tense music playing]
[laughs]
What's so funny?
[Villanueva] I'm supposed to retire
in five months.
I was gonna ride my desk out
till the end of the year,
start hammering pension checks,
but when things went sideways for Duff...
Been with her since she was a boot.
Closest thing to a kid I'll ever have.
Now, I'm like every veteran cop
in every cop movie.
Inches from the gold watch,
but I'm gonna get killed when this guy
comes flying around the corner
and plows right into my ass.
He'll hit the brakes
as soon as he rounds the corner.
If he's going 70, he'll come
to a complete stop in just over 490 feet.
We're 500 feet from the turn.
Ten feet to spare?
That's not much wiggle room.
Odds are he'll be going
under 70 miles an hour on this road.
Promise you'll be fine.
Math is never wrong.
What if he hits the brakes late?
Do your retirement payments
transfer to your wife?
Asshole.
[car approaching]
Shut up. I hear a car.
[suspenseful music playing]
-Shit!
-[tires screeching]
What the hell?
[intense music playing]
This is for Eliot.
-[gunshot]
-[body thuds]
[grunts]
Good work.
I got to get back to Beck before
they send someone to check on me.
[Villanueva grunts]
Let's throw the guy in the trunk.
Hide the car in the brush.
I'll help you roll it over.
I got it.
I promised the car wouldn't hit you,
can't stop a coronary.
[chuckles] Asshole.
[indistinct radio chatter]
Yes, well, it was a cold case,
several years old.
He was following up on an anonymous tip
on a Worcester drug ring,
and it looks like it was a setup.
Mr. Eliot, I just want you to know,
we are not gonna rest
until we get every person
responsible for what happened.
[Eliot's dad over phone] I-I'm sorry.
May I ask your name again, Agent?
Of course. It's Susan Duffy.
[Eliot's dad] I remember.
We met at the Christmas party.
M-Mr. Eliot, I, um...
Earlier today, I was in danger,
and Eliot warned me.
He saved my life.
Your son was an excellent agent, sir.
[Eliot's dad] Thank you, Agent Duffy.
[line clicks]
[phone rings]
Hey.
[Reacher over phone] The man
who killed Eliot is dead.
Good. Now let's get the rest of them.
What will you tell the DEA?
[Duffy] Same bullshit
I told Eliot's father.
Should buy us some time, not much,
but hopefully enough to find Teresa.
When it's all over, I'll come clean.
[Reacher] It'll cost you your job.
Good. It should.
I owe you a thank-you.
[Duffy] What for?
If you hadn't taken out the lights,
I could've never left
and Cooper would've come home
and I'd be dead.
Saving the life of a good person
is a pretty low bar for praise.
Okay.
Pulling up to Beck's now. Be safe.
You stay safe, too, Reacher.
-[line clicks]
-[phone beeps]
[suspenseful music playing]
[muffled, indistinct conversation]
[muffled shouting]
What's going on?
You tell me. What happened out there?
Nothing.
Heard over the radio,
a drunk hit a power transformer,
took out the lights for half the county.
I didn't mean to cause undue alarm,
but with everything that's been happening,
better safe than sorry.
That's what the boss thought, too.
So, while you were gone,
we searched the entire place.
Your boss is smart.
You find anything? Everything okay?
No.
It's not.
Turns out,
I let someone in my home
that's working with the Feds.
Well, you think you know someone, right?
You invite 'em into your home,
you shelter 'em,
you feed 'em.
You trust them with your family.
And how do they repay you?
With betrayal.
[tense music playing]
-This was found in the maid's room.
-What the hell is that?
Some kind of phone.
She was giving out details
about our business--
when the next delivery is happening,
approximate cargo size,
even who's gonna be
at my goddamn birthday party.
Fucking Judas was texting her people
every two weeks, and the latest entry
was ten days ago, so we got four days
before anyone's looking for her.
Who would be looking for her?
Fucking ATF, stupid.
Who else?
McCabe's gonna blame me for this.
I hired her.
Let me talk to her. I was an M.P.
I know how to interrogate
and get information out of people.
If you want to talk to Frenchie,
you're gonna need a Ouija board.
You killed her?
Not me.
I gave her a crack to the head
to get her to cooperate.
Oops.
You think that's funny?
Why are you so bent out of shape?
You fucking her?
I'm pissed 'cause you killed a source
before I had a chance
to get any information.
That's what I said.
It was a dumb move by a dumb man.
Do something about it.
[grunts]
♪ ♪
[groans]
See? It doesn't kill everybody.
[labored breathing]
[panting]
[Harley] Hey, Punch and Judy,
we got work to do.
Move your ass.
[water shuts off]
Man, he rung your bell like school's out.
[laughs]
I warned you he was coming for you.
You got off lucky.
He could have killed your ass.
And I would've had
to dump the maid by myself.
By the way, keep your mouth shut
around the house staff
about her being dead.
No one saw anything
because it happened in the kitchen.
We told everyone she was fired
for stealing from Beck's business.
They don't know shit,
and we got to keep it that way.
Power's back.
Bet you feel like a jackass,
thinking someone was
gonna come kill us all
when the real danger
was inside the house the whole time?
[laughs] Go.
[Harley sighs]
[Harley] Look at what that big idiot did.
Okay, let's go flush her down.
This whole thing really
screwed up my plans, you know?
I got me a boat down in Port Rome
that I'm fixing up, The Sweet Marie.
I was gonna do a little fishing
on Saturday.
Now that Angel Doll's dead,
I'm gonna have to write new want ads
for a new maid
and upload it to all the job sites.
Barely know how to do that shit.
I'm not Steve Jobs.
Then I'm gonna have to
go through all the résumés.
You know McCabe's
gonna be really up my ass
to do background checks on everyone.
This fucking snail-eater
really ruined my weekend.
[grunts, retches]
Good. Found your off switch.
[Harley coughs]
[wheezing]
[knocking]
You okay?
I'm fine.
[sighs]
I know you dumped Annette's body
in the ocean with Harley.
I had to.
I work for them.
I say "no," I'm the next one in the water.
You're afraid of Paulie.
I'm not afraid of him.
I just haven't solved him yet.
Big guys like that
aren't usually that fast.
He took me by surprise.
Won't happen again.
It's okay to be scared of these guys.
My dad is.
So am I.
[slow, suspenseful music playing]
-[beeps]
-[line ringing]
[Duffy] Reacher?
The maid was ATF.
She's gone.
They killed her.
Shit.
You're with DEA, maid's with the ATF.
It's Alphabet City in that place.
They're running guns, not drugs.
It all makes sense.
Beck met with Darien Prado.
International drug runners need lots
of high-end, untraceable weapons.
I didn't understand why Beck needed
a mechanic for barely used cars,
but Quinn needs him to make sure
the weapons are in perfect working order
before selling 'em.
That's why I found that industrial
lubricant company on Angel Doll's laptop.
They purchase the oil in bulk,
test the guns, grease 'em up.
It's white-glove service
when you buy from Quinn.
That's also why the dog
couldn't sniff anything on that truck.
There were no drugs, just guns.
Quinn has that big sale coming up.
It's gonna be a shitload
of illegal firepower.
The question is, for who?
We already know they supply drug dealers.
There are lots of people who'd like
to get their hands
on what you saw in that warehouse--
militias, terrorists, warlords, cartels--
any number of buyers
for any number of reasons.
None of 'em good.
You're being quiet.
Was thinking about the maid.
If they killed a Fed
when they knew she was a Fed,
what the hell could they do to Teresa?
♪ ♪
[seabirds squawking]
[knocking]
-We've been summoned to the warehouse.
-We?
Yeah. You and me, specifically.
Did you sleep last night?
No.
Well, an exhausted bodyguard's
no use to me.
What the hell is your problem?
No problem.
Let's go.
Reacher?
You still have the maid's blood
on your hands.
Why don't you wash up
and get your shit together?
[phone ringing]
[Duffy] Hey. What's up?
I don't know exactly what's going on,
but both Beck and I have been
summoned to Bizarre Bazaar.
Only one person has the power to do that.
You're gonna see Quinn.
He wants to talk to you for some reason.
Or maybe we take one step inside
his warehouse
and meet a firing squad for letting
a federal agent infiltrate his operation.
Well, Beck I get, he hired her.
-But why you?
-I'm his head of security.
And Quinn's a psychopath.
Don't go.
Don't have a choice.
At least keep the phone on in your pocket.
Villy and I will head over there,
stake the place out.
If you get compromised,
we'll head in, back you up.
I'll be surrounded by trained killers.
So, I just leave you in there
to get killed?
I don't care what his plans are for me.
I have plans for him.
Negative.
He got past me in Portland and Virginia.
I get near him, it's not happening again.
What, so you kill him
and try to shoot your way out?
He could recognize me,
and I might not have a choice.
And he might have no idea
who the fuck you are.
He had amnesia, remember?
Maybe he did.
Maybe he faked it.
Reacher, it's suicide. And homicide.
You kill Quinn,
then you're killing Teresa too,
'cause for all we know, Quinn's
the only person who knows where she is.
-Someone on his crew will know.
-Even if someone in his crew
has her location, they'll likely kill her
after they find out
there's a third infiltrator in the mix.
They'll cut their losses,
clean up their mess and move on.
Duffy.
She's already dead.
Fuck you.
They found out the maid was undercover,
and she was dead within minutes.
There's no way they haven't already
started cleaning up their mess.
She's gone.
You there?
Duffy, I got to go.
I'll leave my phone on.
Shit.
You get called in like this a lot?
No.
McCabe normally comes to my house
and walks in and out like it's his.
You think we're gonna
walk in and out today?
Or just in?
I don't know.
Ooh. Here we go.
How's the face?
[slow, ominous music playing]
♪ ♪
You ready to meet the boss?
Yes.
I've been waiting for this moment
for some time now.
[♪ Scott H. Biram: "Plow You Under"]
♪ Can't take no more
of this fooling around ♪
♪ Got to go down there
and turn up some ground ♪
♪ This old mule, these blades,
these lines on this plow ♪
♪ Gonna work 'em on you,
gonna crush you on down ♪
♪ Oh, babe ♪
♪ I'm bound to plow you under ♪
♪ Forget you forever and ever ♪
♪ I'm bound to plow you goddamn under ♪
♪ Nobody wonder where you been, neither ♪
♪ I work hard all day trying
to get you off my mind ♪
♪ These old folks down here they say,
"Son, give it some time" ♪
♪ This burning worried trouble,
sorrow all the time ♪
♪ Got a bone to pick, bitch ♪
♪ I'm gonna crush you fucking down ♪
♪ Oh, babe ♪
♪ I'm bound to plow you under ♪
♪ Forget you forever and ever ♪
♪ I'm bound to plow you goddamn under ♪
♪ Nobody wonder where you been, neither ♪
♪ Yeah, this song's about plowing ♪
♪ In case you didn't know ♪
♪ I'm gonna plow a little while ♪
♪ Plow! ♪
♪ The sun is going down ♪
♪ Well, the sun is going down ♪♪